you see the electronics bridge is doing
the job yes i have never see a fish so
fresh so close to chill this ferocity is
a combination of what we've been saying
to the trade regarding the new
electronics inspiration range is that it
really is designed by professionals for
the consumer and today here at ace
you'll see the actual interaction
between the professional people and the
domestic appliance here
well I've been cooking a taste of dublin
for the past three years now and for me
it's just a wonderful event to be up
till always a really great party
atmosphere of the event and people are
just so cosmopolitan in their taste you
know I walked in on you I will not be
let down by the equipment look at her
just simple I know I've got 12 like that
I was completely bowled over by how
extraordinary the school look I think I
think it's an incredible setup and
obviously it comes across to the public
has a very very professional operation
the lecture looks kind of equipment and
the inspiration rain really brings it
into the home and makes it attainable
for people and gives them back
professional touch when they're cooking
people want bronze and aware that type
of ground and electric looks a good name
and what to bring and now is keeping up
with everybody else yes Eclipse and the
new inspiration range is fantastic so
it'd be a huge success the next few
years I've no doubt about it absolutely
phenomenal it just kind of tells you a
lot about them as a company that they
are out there for the customer and I
want you to look after the customer
totally gonna come over to our
electronics fridge for bruschetta now
she can do bruschetta with anything if
you put too much people don't so much
next time I think it's a good
opportunity to showcase what's new and
what's happening and you know I think if
you come back next year bring even more
products and we're a magazine we're into
how things look everything has to look
beautiful and so for me personally the
range is so aesthetically perfect it is
so sleek it's so chic so for Austin
editorial it's amazing mean I've had a
lot of people come up to me and say and
these aren't people I know come up to me
saying this is the best show in the
whole of chasing
you